Finally found you two little brats
Yes
You bumped into Komatsu
Ouch.
Xiaoxuan is my biological daughter
How could I have really hurt her?
You go away you are not my dad
I am now the daughter of the Qin family
Hey, you unfilial daughter
How to enter a rich family?
I don't recognize this father
If your mother hadn't sent you to the rich man
Can you live such a good life now?
You don't deserve to marry my mother
Who are you?
Wang Zhenguo, what do you mean?
Qin Xiaoxuan is your daughter
Of course!
My own daughter, can I admit my mistake?
His name was Wang Wenhua when he was a child.
I don't want to see him in the morning
Don't want to see me
Okay, you're the daughter of a rich family now
Shouldn't you give your father a kindness fee?
Otherwise, I will come to you every day haha.
I'll give you 100.
Please leave you immediately
Ouch haha
Still your boy atmosphere
Oh, at least you raised me for a while when you were a child.
Thank you, what's the matter, hahaha?
Third brother, I'm sorry
I didn't expect him to enter
It's okay, at least he's on me.
here